The last try at a recipe service.
Now I want to use it.
So the added recipe types could file where I add new recipes in on submit.
I want to add such a new recipe.
Therefore here I need access to my service and that's why I need to inject it here in the constructor
or store it in a property named recipe's service of course of type recipes service which needs to be
imported at the top here.
So make sure to add this import pointing to your service and where it doesn't check that and on submit.
I can now access my recipes service and call add recipe to add a new recipe obviously and there I simply
want to pass my foreign values.
So to make this a bit easier I will store my value of form in you constant where I extract recipe for
values of I don't have to type this all over again.
And then I can simply extract value.
Title well.
Whoops.
Value description value Diffee cultivate and value ingredients.
These are the names I define for my control's title description difficulty and ingredients check to
initialize for Mefford to confirm that this is the same for you.
So here all those names are set up there.
For now we can extract the values here and pass them to the recipe service.
However this would not do the trick.
What's wrong with this approach.
It's really hard to spot but if you have a look at our template you'll see these are all the names we're
using That's all fine.
The form is synchronized and should work.
But here for the array where we have the ingredients we leave for simplicity reasons only stored the
name so we don't have an amount.
However as we define an ingredient to have a name and abound with someone need to make sure that we
also have such amount here.
Therefore what we need to do is passing value ingredients like this won't work.
Instead each year I will add a new.
Or create a new helper constant ingredients which is an empty array initially and then I will check
if my ingredients array does have any ingredients.
So if that is greater than zero because if we have a recipe with out ingredients well then it's super
simple than passing an empty array as ingredients is enough.
However if we do have ingredients so if this is greater than zero then I will say ingredients and therefore
it should not be a constant but a variable ingredients.
Then it's my ingredients array.
But here I will transform each element I do do as with the map Meffert javascript Meffert and the map
method takes an argument which is a function which will be executed on each single item in this array.
So in each name because this array will just hold an array of strings of names for the ingredients right.
So it will run on each name here and I want to return an object which still has that name stored in
the name property but which also has an amount property which is set to one by default.
So this will simply transform the array of strings into an array of objects where each object has a
name property where I store the original name and an amount property which is set to 1 and you can adjust
it to your needs.
But with this I'm making sure that I actually do have valid ingredients here so this ingredients array
is now what I actually pass here.
Again remember it's ever empty if we don't have any ingredient controls or this map array.
And with this and now adding a recipe with the right values.
Lastly I want to reset the form so recipe for reset as what I call here to empty all the fields.
However does this kind of optional.
Because it will destroy this view anyway because I want to go back to the root view and for this I will
need D-Nev. controller selects and check the nav controller nav controller like this.
And then I can call this naff commercial or pop to route to go back to the root page.
So again calling reset is kind of optional because we will discard this view anyways.
So with that we're going back to the root page we're adding this to our recipes service.
We won't be able to see this but I can at least log my recipes when ever I add a new recipe to see if
this works.
So let's now save this and see if we are able to add new recipes and if they look the way they should
look like.
So if I click on the plaisir new recipes disabled let's add a schnitzel which is very tasty as we learned.
And I can submit now because this is valid.
We don't need to have ingredients that let's the difficulty.
But I also want to add ingredient so let's add French fries here like this and.
Another click on new recipe.
We do see we do have a new item on this array.
And this looks pretty good to me.
We get our ingredient your description difficulty and the title.
Of course we're not seeing it here in the list of recipes but this will change soon.
Now it's all the addy's spaghetti again which are super tasty actually and are.
Let's let's leave that to medium and I will add this without any ingredients so let's check to see you.
Now we get two recipes here are spaghetti ingredients is an empty array.
So this works as intended.
Now let's all to work on this.
Recipes page that we actually output what we see here on the right and the console on the page.